[RHACS] ROX-14958: Adding steps to Configure proxy for on prem Secured Cluster services (#60706)
openshift/openshift-docs: cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/configuring-the-proxy-for-secured-cluster-services-in-rhacs-cloud-service.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="configuring-the-proxy-for-secured-cluster-services-in-rhacs-cloud-service"]
= Configuring the proxy for secured cluster services in {product-title-managed-short}
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: configure-secured-cluster-proxy

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You must configure the proxy settings for secured cluster services within the {rh-rhacscs-first} environment to establish a seamless connection between the Secured Cluster and the specified proxy server to ensure reliable data collection and transmission.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to abbreviate the sentence a bit 
```suggestion
You must configure the proxy settings for secured cluster services within the {rh-rhacscs-first} environment to establish a  connection between the Secured Cluster and the specified proxy server. This ensures reliable data collection and transmission.
```
